Hi, I'm Andy Huang, Autonomous System architect.
So, I got started and robotics way back in high school.
I was one of those first robotics kids who competed in Canada.
By the time I got to university,
I helped co-found a robotics team and
my faculty adviser at the time had just come back from
the US and told us about
this competition going on down there called the Darker Challenge,
which is one of the really main things that kick-started this whole industry.
From that, we spun some autonomous racing activities which I was involved in,
and at that point, I was pretty well hooked.
It took a few years to work before coming back to grad school,
at which point, I studied vehicle controls in dynamics.
Now, here I am.
So, I currently work on the next generation of our self-driving car platform.
Being a systems-level engineer,
I get the fun distinction of being able to work across
a wide variety of teams to bring together a cohesive system.
What that means is, I get to work with
both our software engineers during perception and motion control software,
for example, and also our hardware engineers designing our sensors and vehicle platforms.
I happen to think robotics is super fun.
This problem in particular is one that I really love
because that's a direct impact on the quality of human life.
Not only are we striving to improve the safety and save human lives,
I think it may also have the opportunity to help re-shape how we think about
transportation or even how we use our cities to make life more efficient, more happy.